So let's start with configuring this here launch camera acing is the function we call to open the camera
but actually there you can configure quite a bit.
If you pass the object here you've got a couple of options you can set and of course the official Expo
docks for the image picker are the place to go to learn all about these options.
No the default settings actually are quite fine.
But for example here you could at allow us editing and set it to true to get a basic editor which allows
you to cropped the image for example and that's actually something I will enable here.
You can also set a specific aspect ratio where you want to lock in like 16 to nine which will be taken
into account in your editing mode.
You can also set if you want a base64 string instead of a file or in addition to the file I should say
which means said that you get a text string that represents your image which is quite large though and
I'll not do it here and you can also control the quality and there I will set the quality to Sarah about
five.
This should be a value between 0 and 1 where one is the highest possible value.
And of course this also impacts the image size thereafter.
So you want to pick a size or quality that makes sense for your app.
If you're only using the image as a thumbnail you might not need super high risk images with that.
This is configured at the question of course is how do we get access to the image that was taken.
Well remember that this is a promise or did this returns a promise.
Well of course they offer.
We can await that promise and the result we get back after the promise resolved indeed is the image.
So we can just store this image in a constant an image is no object with various pieces of information
about the image that was taken.
So here we can console log image to see what's in there.
Let's save this and tested on Android there.
If I now go to this new screen here take a image and I'll take this image with this dummy simulator
camera.
Get here and I confirm this.
Now I go to this cropping or to this editing tool because I enabled editing here I have this 16 to nine
format thing which I can move and by clicking on crop I can now select this.
And if we now have a look at the console we see that this is the object we got back.
It's our object with a canceled field which tells us that this was not cancelled but that we did take
an image.
So this is a field we can check to find out whether the user did take an image or whether due process
was cancelled.
We get the height of the image and the width.
We get the type which is well image and the EU are ISO a link 2D image file.
Now this is in a temporary directory which is cleaned up automatically periodically.
So of course it's not the storage or the path where you want to permanently stored it.
And we will actually move it later with the filesystem API.
But for now it is something we can work with.
So to output a preview we can manage some state here in the image picker by importing U.S. state and
then initialize it up there use state can be called here.
And of course I get back some some data here and that is my picked image and a set picked image function
as you're used to from use state.
And now we can utilize that here.
Here I want to set the picked image to image that you are.
So to that link to my image.
So that path as a string to my image and the cool thing is this path can be used with the image component
it works with the image component without any special configuration.
So there we can add source and now we need to set this to object with this.
You are I property thus far and of course we use that to point at network images.
Well you can also point at local images.
So here we can point at picked image.
Of course this only works if we have a picked image which only is the case after we use the camera.
So now we can add a check here or a simple ternary expression where we check if picked image is set
and if it's not set hence the exclamation mark I showed his fallback text otherwise with the colon here
I set the image and now we have this conditional output and therefore now if we save that and does hence
restarts on both devices on both simulators.
If I go to Android and I take my image here of course this camera opens unsurprisingly we can confirm
this.
She was our image crop it and now we see it here in the preview.
So that's now our image getting used.
And with that is of course time to add it to the place which we can add by clicking the safe place button
and it's time to add some spacing between these two buttons I guess.